1- The primary goal to the Japan southern strategy was to monopolize oil deposits
2- The bulk of our armed forces \Nwill head to Manado on the west coast.
3- Represented an unprecedented challenge, \Nthey had yet to learn a single thing about.
4- Our priority is to emerge victorious!
5- Holding out in such a powder keg would be precarious for our measly paratrooper battalion.
6- My unit doesn't fear death. \NBut would ideally not be laid to waste... 
7- It is more important to stick with the existing plan.
8- Murai, you son of a dog!
(I see nothing wrong about this cheesy insult line)
9- The Divine Soldiers from the Sky, \Nand enjoyed quite a following
(same verdict)
10- (same verdict)
11- Mr. Paratrooper, tell us more about yourself.
(I am all for making this sentence shorter)
12- I feel weary though.
(or you can go with "I am not a good teller" I think both contexts work fine)
13- I keep stressing that. \NBut I still make the voice of my subordinates. 
14- Are they the heroes \Nour war wagging nation swoon at? 
15- It was because we didn't steer away from the big plan.
16- until finally, further south, the new battlefields \Nof Timor and Kupang were calling out to them.
(Unless you want to keep Tarpan, I am amused by the idea of the imperial army wagging war on an extinct horse subspecie)
17- Because they know words of praise get to your head.
(the sentence is correct, but the turn of phrase sounds a little awkward for this informal exchange)
18- How come soldiers fighting so honorably \Ntear each other apart nearly every night? 
19- but instead - to wear their spirit out with watchful patrols.
20- (current translation seems to make reasonable sense and expand on HA's lackluster translation)
21- (on-board with that. Kuchi probably means something like "in the midst of" in Japanese, or something)
22- (well yeah, same stuff)
23- For a lopsided battle like that, \Nthat casualty rate was abnormally high.
(the idea is right, in terms of strength, the two sides were assymetrical)
24- Their commander Lieutenant General Homma \Nis making a rash decision.
(rash is a perfect suggestion)
















